Please make db change I mentioned in previous email.
Then check attached zip for new screens (user, request, form template,
form records etc.)

The basic idea is that:

First, new user can choose create a new user account or create a
company and adding company users.

>>>>Task 2011.06.19.1: implement user login page and user update page.

>>>>Task 2011.06.19.2: Implement company and user welcome page (the one they see after login)

Second, both user account or company account can be form provider or
form consumer or both.

For form provider account, user (or company user) will see link of
"Request Outbox" and "Form Templates" links on the left.

"Request Outbox" is for form provider to send form request to some
consumer with consumer REF number (generated by system as external id,
we also have internal id as primary key).

"Form Templates" is for form provider to build form template and use
that in the form request.(We don't need to implement this time will
need more screens and will be in next phase).

>>>>>>>Task 2011.06.19.3: implement form providers "Request Outbox" page.

For form consumer account, user (or company user) will see link of
"Request Inbox" and "Form Records" links on the left.

"Request Inbox" is for form consumer to receive form provider's
complete form request and decide accept or reject. If accept, system
will add a NEW status form record into "Form Record" list.

"Form Records" is for form consumer to see all the forms that this
consumer is working on and submitted. Please note that when user
delete a submitted form, it does not really delete the form, it should
mark the form
is deleted by consumer but we still keep it in db so form provider can
still see it. This form record will only be deleted from db when both
provider and consumer decide to delete it.

>>>>>>>Task 2011.06.19.4: implement form providers "Request Inbox" page.

>>>>>>>Task 2011.06.19.5: implement form providers "Form Records" page.


For combined account (in example of a company), will see all 4 links.

We might need to combine both user and company login page into one
next but we can leave as is for now.

I am sure you will have some questions. Please let me know before you
want to make any db changes.
I don't want to get surprise on db changes when you complete the tasks.

If you have many questions, please emails me the list of question
first before we talk in the phone.

I will try adding more detailed explanation later on those page in
case you are not sure what to do.

Lets target getting those done by July 16th.